---PHILOSOPHY---
https://partiallyexaminedlife.libsyn.com/rss  # partiallyexaminedlife 
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCGVHC4L6gjS13AMe-JMOjHg # Kane B - YouTube
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCa9HhN3Obz4xq_jyPlZE_lw # ExPhi - YouTube
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UC1VzCyqpmCaRh8_BnijbOvg # Carneades.org - YouTube
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UC_hukbByJP7OZ3Xm2tszacQ # Jeffrey Kaplan - YouTube
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCEtxsMx4qsoitFwjBdLU_gA # Gregory B. Sadler 
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCqAmGGq-Sabud-oyWjvawLA # Julian de Medeiros
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCIq2xNjGAof0cCUaKbco6HQ # Theory & Philosophy
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCFaYLR_1aryjfB7hLrKGRaQ # Michael Sugrue
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCjnpuIGovFFUBLG5BeHzTag # Philosophize This!
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UC6-ymYjG0SU0jUWnWh9ZzEQ # Wisecrack

---BASKETBALL---
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UC3HPbvB6f58X_7SMIp6OPYw # Thinking Basketball
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UC3L9XPe0_FGfRG-CMGtBvFg # JxmyHighroller
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCtG-elouHQdUnpN9cVLdltg # A.M. Hoops

---LINUX---
https://archlinux.org/feeds/news/
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UC2eYFnH61tmytImy1mTYvhA # Luke Smith
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCngn7SVujlvskHRvRKc1cTw # BugsWriter
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UC7YOGHUfC1Tb6E4pudI9STA # Mental Outlaw
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UC5KDiSAFxrDWhmysBcNqtMA # Eric Murphy
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCg6gPGh8HU2U01vaFCAsvmQ # Titus Tech Talk
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCNwGa76xVVwdEVToRZBIUIg # DenshiVideo
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCVls1GmFKf6WlTraIb_IaJg # DistroTube

---PROGRAMMING---
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCsBjURrPoezykLs9EqgamOA # Fireship
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UC2Xd-TjJByJyK2w1zNwY0zQ # More Fireship

---MATH---
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCtAIs1VCQrymlAnw3mGonhw # Flammable Maths
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UC78Ib99EBhMN3NemVjYm3Ig # 3Blue1Brown

---PHYSICS---
https://api.quantamagazine.org/feed/
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCUHW94eEFW7hkUMVaZz4eDg # minutephysics
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCnFmWQbVW_YbqPQZGNuq8sA # Andrew Dotson

---REDDIT---
https://www.reddit.com/r/badphilosophy.rss "~JP"

---PEOPLE---
https://lukesmith.xyz/index.xml
https://ericmurphy.xyz/index.xml
https://denshi.org/index.xml



